Labonte has a wealth of experience back
on the offensive side of the ball and it
would be on display for central Jake
Kolbe a new face at quarterback one of
the Warriors seniors toning the rock
early from the Red Hawk 34 Austin Guido
up the middle he has a nose for the end
zone 7 nothing more ground and pound a
little bit later only needing one for
the first we tow says why not pick up
twenty one more time ticking away in the
half though fourth and goal on the seven
now offense on the field Dillon warden
to the air John BIRT pulling it down
gutsy call pays off 14 zip second half
now if it ain't broke well you know the
rest we don't get Emil with the end zone
21 nothing but this one just getting
started Kobe rolls left Lake Butler play
center field in the spring in the fall
he hauls down long bombs Nick Thomas
would cut it to 14 on the next play next
possession Guido can't hang on this time
Kevin Nowak recovers Hawks with an
opening third and long now Colby to the
air again Jimmy nasher get some it's a
seven-point ballgame to the fourth
quarter now run setting up the pass
warden Detroit Fumagalli in the seam he
had seven and 68 27 yard gain on third
down same drive fumagalli had a
touchdown 28 yards out 27 14 last chance
for central now Colby to the air again
this time Keon dansler enters your
picture Warriors scored 13 in the 4th
quarter to pull away I thought our
office once they settled down after the
second dr office of wine did a great job
and executed our game plan guys mix it
up inside outside runs pretty good just
enough passing to keep him honest and I
thought our kids did a great job we
established what we want to do and that
was run the ball tonight see if we could
dominate with our running game and I
thought we did I know we started out a
little slow but we really picked it up
and I couldn't take my line enough they
lost a lot of guys but there are a lot i
were selling the team so we knew we
really had to play well tonight and we
did we dug herself a big hole in the
first half you know I'm proud of the way
the kids battled back in the second
Hampton yeah we got this score to 21 for
we had the ball in an opportunity go
down and maybe tie the game up and you
know we just didn't get that done it you
know it's a very good football team over
there you know what binds e valley
they're very good you don't know for
sure what their what teams are gonna run
it's a different group of guys we knew
what players they had returning it and
you kind of you try and assume what
they're gonna do just like they don't
know for sure what we're gonna do um you
know so you just kind of prepare for
what you've seen them doing two or three
games last year and try and come out and
execute you know at times we execute a
very well night but at times we didn't
you know there are very powerful offense
you know they're you know they're
running back and the quarterback their
lines big up front and they got the
tight end I mean they pose a lot of
weapons and yeah it's a very good
football team were some nice job with
those guys there's the best senior class
I've had since I've been here and we've
known since these kids were freshmen
they had a chance to be special we're
not special yet but we're off to a great
start we got a chance if we continue to
grow and continue to get better we have
a chance to be one of the best teams and
we'll bonsly's history but only time
will tell us of course of the season
plays itself out we didn't return a lot
of guys that played last year but you
know our seniors the senior class is
going to be okay they've worked real
hard and we'll come to work tomorrow and
I will get prepared for an equal valley
we're thin we've got 58 kids out and we
got it we had two or three guys going
both ways tonight so we've got to stay
healthy that's going to be the key to
our season we stay healthy we get better
every week we have a chance to be a
really good football team